# getAutoCompleteSlice

### Slice Configuration
```getAutoCompleteSlice```: The autocomplete data includes information about different results, such as the ID and label, when the user utilizes the autocomplete feature to select data.


```getAutoCompleteSlice```: The getAutoCompleteSlice is configured using the createSlice function from the @reduxjs/toolkit package. It defines the following properties:
- `name`: The name of the slice is set to "autoCompleteList".
- `initialState`: The initial state of the slice includes the following properties:

    - `results` : Represents the results values for and is initially an ``empty array``.
    - `total_results_count`: Represents the total resuls count, initially set to ``0``.
    - `autoCompleteValue`: : Represents the auto list values and is initially an ``empty object``.
    - `autoLabelName`: : Represents the auto list name values and is initially an ``empty array``.
    - `isChangeAuto`: A boolean flag indicating whether the auto value has changed, initially set to `false`.

`Actions`
The getAutoCompleteSlice slice defines the following actions:

- `getAutoCompleteList`: Accepts a payload and updates the initialState property in the state with the provided value.
- `setAutoLabel`: Accepts a payload and updates the initialState property in the state with the provided value.
- `setAutoCompleteValue`: Accepts a payload type of string and updates the initialState property in the state with the provided value.
- `setIsChangeAuto`: Accepts a payload of type boolean and updates the setIsChangeAuto property in the state with the provided value.

To use these actions, import them from `getAutoCompleteList` `setAutoLabel` `setAutoCompleteValue` ` setIsChangeAuto`: and dispatch them as needed to modify the state.

``Reducer``
The reducer function for getAutoCompleteSlice is automatically generated by the createSlice function. It handles state updates based on the dispatched actions and returns the updated state.

## Usage
To use the getAutoCompleteSlice in other parts of the application, follow these steps:

1) Import the necessary actions and the reducer function from getScrollPageSlice.
2) Dispatch the actions (getOptionsFlatMenu) when needed, providing the appropriate payload values.

Example usage:

```jsx
import { getAutoCompleteList, setAutoCompleteValue, setAutoLabel,setIsChangeAuto} from './path/to/getAutoCompleteSlice';
import { useDispatch, useSelector } from 'react-redux';

// Inside a component
const dispatch = useDispatch();

// Dispatching the actions
dispatch(getAutoCompleteList({...value}));
dispatch(setAutoCompleteValue({...autoCompleteValue,[varName]: autuLabel}));
dispatch(setAutoLabel(autuLabel));
dispatch(setIsChangeAuto(true));


// Accessing the state
 const { autoCompleteValue } = useSelector((state: RootState) => state.autoCompleteList as AutoCompleteInitialState);


```
## Additional Information
Ensure that you have the required dependencies installed and properly configured before using this code. This code is intended to be used in a Redux-based application for managing auto list values. Refer to the Redux documentation for more details on incorporating this slice into your Redux store.

Feel free to modify the initial state, actions, and reducer based on your specific requirements.

Note: Make sure to adjust the import paths according to your project structure.
