# getBlogDataSlice
## Overview
The code provided defines a Redux slice named `getBlogDataSlice` responsible for managing state related to blog data and related information within a React application. This slice includes actions and reducers to manipulate and update this state.

## Dependencies
- Redux Toolkit: This code uses Redux Toolkit, a library that simplifies Redux store setup and reduces boilerplate code.

## Slice Structure
The `getBlogDataSlice` contains the following components:

## Reducer Name: getBlogSlice
#### Initial State: InitialStateBlog
- The initial state of the slice, which is an object containing various properties related to blog data, authors, and institutions.

### Reducers
- #### setBlogData
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<BlogDataProps[]>)`
    - Description: Sets the `data` property in the state to an array of blog data.
- #### setBlogPost
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<BlogDataProps>)`
    - Description: Sets the `post` property in the state to a single blog post.
- #### setSearchAutoKey
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>)`
    - Description: Sets the `searchAutoKey` property in the state to a string value.
- ### setSearchAutoValue
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>)`
    - Description: Sets the `searchAutoValue` property in the state to a string value.
- #### setSearchBlogTitle
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>)`
    - Description: Sets the `searchTitle` property in the state to a string value.
- #### setBlogAutoLists
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<ResultAutoList[]>)`
    - Description: Sets the `blogAutoLists` property in the state to an array of auto-generated blog lists.
- #### setAuthorData
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<Author>)`
    - Description: Sets the `author` property in the state to author-related data.
- #### setAuthorPost
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<Post[]>)`
    - Description: Sets the `authorPost` property in the state to an array of blog posts associated with an author.
- #### setInstitutionAuthorsData
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<InstitutionAuthorProps>)`
    - Description: Sets the `institutionData` property in the state to institution-related data.
- #### setInstitutionAuthorsList
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<InstitutionAuthor[]>)`
    - Description: Sets the `institutionList` property in the state to an array of institution authors.

## Action Creators
- Action creators are automatically generated by Redux Toolkit for each reducer, allowing you to dispatch these actions with ease.

## Usage
This Redux slice is designed to be used within a Redux store in a React application. Developers can dispatch the defined actions to update the state of blog-related information, including blog posts, authors, and institutions.

## Example Dispatch

```jsx
import { useDispatch } from 'react-redux';
import { setBlogData,setBlogPost,setInstitutionAuthorsList} from './getBlogDataSlice';

// Dispatching the setBlogData action with new blog data
const dispatch = useDispatch();
dispatch(setBlogData([...newBlogData]));
dispatch(setBlogPost(response?.[0]));
dispatch(setInstitutionAuthorsList(response?.[0]?.institution_authors));

```

## Export
- The `getBlogDataSlice` reducer and its associated action creators are exported for use in other parts of the Redux store setup and application components.

## Additional Information
Ensure that you have the required dependencies installed and properly configured before using this code. This code is intended to be used in a Redux-based application for managing blog data list value. Refer to the Redux documentation for more details on incorporating this slice into your Redux store.

Feel free to modify the initial state, actions, and reducer based on your specific requirements.

Note: Make sure to adjust the import paths according to your project structure.
