# getCardFlatObjectSlice

## Overview
The provided code defines a Redux slice named `getCardFlatObjectSlice`. This slice is responsible for managing the state related to Transatlantic cards, including data, modal status, and various properties associated with the cards.

## Dependencies
Redux Toolkit: This code utilizes Redux Toolkit, a library that simplifies the setup of Redux store and actions.

## Initial State
The initial state of the `getCardFlatObjectSlice` is defined as an object of type `InitialStateTransatlanticCard`. It includes the following properties:

- `cardData:` An array representing card data.
- `isModalCard:` A boolean indicating whether a modal card is currently displayed.
- `cardRowID:` A number representing the row ID of the card.
- `cardFileName: `A string representing the file name of the card.
- `cardDataArray:` An array of `TransatlanticCardProps` representing card data.
- `nodeType:` A string indicating the node type associated with the card.

## Reducer Name: `getCardFlatObject`
The `getCardFlatObjectSlice` contains the following reducers:


## Reducers
1) #### setCardData 
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<Record<string, any>[]>)`
    - Description: Sets the cardData property in the state to an array of card data.

2) #### setIsModalCard 
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<boolean>)`
    - Description: Sets the isModalCard property in the state to a boolean value indicating the modal card's status.

3) #### setCardRowID 
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<number>)`
    - Description: Sets the cardRowID property in the state to a numeric value representing the row ID of the card.


4) #### setCardFileName 
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>)`
    - Description: Sets the cardFileName property in the state to a string value representing the file name of the card.


5) #### setCardDataArray 
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<TransatlanticCardProps[]>)`
    - Description: Sets the cardDataArray property in the state to an array of TransatlanticCardProps representing card data.

6) #### setNodeClass 
    - Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>)`
    - Description: Sets the nodeType property in the state to a string value representing the node type associated with the card.

## Action Creators
The action creators for the reducers mentioned about are automatically generated by Redux Toolkit, making it easy to dispatch these actions

## Usage

This Redux slice is designed to be used within a Redux store in a React application. Developers can dispatch the defined actions to
update the state fo Transatlantic card- related information, including data and modal state.

## Example Dispatch
```jsx
import { useDispatch } from 'react-redux';
import { setCardData } from './getCardFlatObjectSlice';

// Dispatching the setCardData action with new card data
const dispatch = useDispatch();
dispatch(setCardData([...newCardData]));

```

## Export
The `getCardFlatObjectSlice` reducer and its associated action creators are exported for use in other parts of the Redux store setup and application components.


## Additional Information
Ensure that you have the required dependencies installed and properly configured before using this code. This code is intended to be used in a Redux-based application for managing card flat object data values. Refer to the Redux documentation for more details on incorporating this slice into your Redux store.

Feel free to modify the initial state, actions, and reducer based on your specific requirements.

Note: Make sure to adjust the import paths according to your project structure.
