# getCommonGlobalSearchResultSlice

## Overview
The provided code defines a Redux slice named `getCommonGlobalSearchResultSlice`. This slice is responsible for managing the state related to global search results in a common context. It includes data for search results, the input search value, the type of page, and a request ID.

## Dependencies
- Redux Toolkit: This code utilizes Redux Toolkit, a library that simplifies the setup of Redux store and actions.

## Initial State
The initial state of the `getCommonGlobalSearchResultSlice` is defined as an object with the following properties:

- `data:` An array of `GlobalSearchProp` objects representing global search results.
- `inputSearchValue:` A string representing the input search value.
- `typePage:` A string representing the type of page associated with the search.
- `requestId:` A nullable value representing a request identifier.

## Reducer Name: getFilter
The `getCommonGlobalSearchResultSlice` contains the following reducers:

## Reducers
1) #### setSearchGlobalData
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<GlobalSearchProp[]>)`
- Description: Sets the `data` property in the state to an array of global search results.

2) #### setInputSearchValue
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>)`
- Description: Sets the `inputSearchValue` property in the state to a string representing the input search value.

3) #### setTypePage
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>)`
- Description: Sets the `typePage` property in the state to a string representing the type of page associated with the search.

4) #### setRequestId
- Action: `(state, action) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `requestId` property in the state to the value provided in the action payload. This reducer does not modify the action payload.


## Action Creators
The action creators for the reducers mentioned above are automatically generated by Redux Toolkit, making it easy to dispatch these actions.

## Usage
This Redux slice is designed to be used within a Redux store in a React application. Developers can dispatch the defined actions to update the state of common global search results and related information, including search data, input search value, page type, and request ID.

## Example Dispatch
```jsx
import { useDispatch } from 'react-redux';
import { setSearchGlobalData } from './getCommonGlobalSearchResultSlice';

// Dispatching the setSearchGlobalData action with new search data
const dispatch = useDispatch();
dispatch(setSearchGlobalData([...newSearchData]));

```

## Export
- The `getCommonGlobalSearchResultSlice` reducer and its associated action creators are exported for use in other parts of the Redux store setup and application components.

## Additional Information
Ensure that you have the required dependencies installed and properly configured before using this code. This code is intended to be used in a Redux-based application for managing global data list values. Refer to the Redux documentation for more details on incorporating this slice into your Redux store.

Feel free to modify the initial state, actions, and reducer based on your specific requirements.

Note: Make sure to adjust the import paths according to your project structure.
