# getLanguagesSlice
## Overview
The provided code defines a Redux slice named `getLanguagesSlice`. This slice is responsible for managing the state related to the selected language in your application and saving it to the browser's local storage for persistence.

## Dependencies
- `Redux Toolkit:` This code utilizes Redux Toolkit, a library that simplifies the setup of Redux store and actions.
- `Local Storage: `The code uses the browser's local storage to persist the selected language.

## Initial State
The initial state of the `getLanguagesSlice` is defined as an object with the following property:

- `language:` A string representing the selected language. It is initialized to 'en' (English) by default.
## Reducer Name: getLanguagesSlice
The `getLanguagesSlice` contains one reducer:

## Reducer
1) #### setLanguages
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `language` property in the state to the string value provided in the action payload. Additionally, it calls the `setSelectedLanguageToLocalStorage` function to save the selected language to local storage for persistence.

## Utility Function: 
`setSelectedLanguageToLocalStorage`
- Description: This function takes a string representing the selected language and saves it to the 'languages' key in the browser's local storage.

## Action Creator
The action creator for the `setLanguages` reducer is automatically generated by Redux Toolkit, making it easy to dispatch this action.

## Usage
This Redux slice is designed to be used within a Redux store in a React application to manage the selected language. Developers can dispatch the `setLanguages` action to update the state with a new selected language, which will also be persisted in local storage for future use.

## Example Dispatch
```jsx
import { useDispatch } from 'react-redux';
import { setLanguages } from './getLanguagesSlice';

// Dispatching the setLanguages action with a new selected language
const dispatch = useDispatch();
dispatch(setLanguages('fr')); // Sets the language to French
```

## Export
- The `getLanguagesSlice` reducer and its associated action creator are exported for use in other parts of the Redux store setup and application components.


## Additional Information
Ensure that you have the required dependencies installed and properly configured before using this code. This code is intended to be used in a Redux-based application for managing laguages data values. Refer to the Redux documentation for more details on incorporating this slice into your Redux store.

Feel free to modify the initial state, actions, and reducer based on your specific requirements.

Note: Make sure to adjust the import paths according to your project structure.
