# getNodeEdgesAggroutesMapDataSlice
## Overview
The provided code defines a Redux slice named `getNodeEdgesAggroutesMapDataSlice`. This slice is responsible for managing the state related to map data for node edges and aggregated routes. It includes data for nodes, transportation, dispositions, and originations.

## Dependencies
- Redux Toolkit: This code utilizes Redux Toolkit, a library that simplifies the setup of Redux store and actions.


## Initial State
The initial state of the `getNodeEdgesAggroutesMapDataSlice` is defined as an object with the following properties:

- `nodesData:` An array representing data for nodes and aggregated routes.
- `transportation:` An array representing transportation data.
- `disposition:` An array representing disposition data.
- `origination:` An array representing origination data.


## Reducer Name: pastNetworks
The `getNodeEdgesAggroutesMapDataSlice` contains the following reducers:

## Reducers
1) #### setNodesData
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<NodeAggroutes[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `nodesData` property in the state to the array of node and aggregated route data provided in the action payload.

2) #### setTransportation
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<Transportation[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `transportation` property in the state to the array of transportation data provided in the action payload.

3) #### setDisposition
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<Dispositions[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `disposition` property in the state to the array of disposition data provided in the action payload.

4) #### setOrigination
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<Originations[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `origination` property in the state to the array of origination data provided in the action payload.

5) #### resetSlice
- Action: `(state) => {}`
- Description: Resets the state to its initial state, clearing all data.

## Action Creators
The action creators for the reducers mentioned above are automatically generated by Redux Toolkit, making it easy to dispatch these actions.

## Usage
This Redux slice is designed to be used within a Redux store in a React application to manage map data for node edges and aggregated routes. Developers can dispatch the defined actions to update the state with new map data.

## Example Dispatch
```jsx
import { useDispatch } from 'react-redux';
import { setNodesData } from './getNodeEdgesAggroutesMapDataSlice';

// Dispatching the setNodesData action with new node data
const dispatch = useDispatch();
dispatch(setNodesData([...newNodeData]));
```

## Export
The `getNodeEdgesAggroutesMapDataSlice` reducer and its associated action creators are exported for use in other parts of the Redux store setup and application components.

## Additional Information
Ensure that you have the required dependencies installed and properly configured before using this code. This code is intended to be used in a Redux-based application for managing node and edges data list valuesused in a Redux-based application for managing dataset collections. Refer to the Redux documentation for more details on incorporating this slice into your Redux store.

Feel free to modify the initial state, actions, and reducer based on your specific requirements.

Note: Make sure to adjust the import paths according to your project structure.
