
# getPeopleEnslaversDataSetCollectionSlice
## Overview
The provided code defines a Redux slice named `getPeopleEnslaversDataSetCollectionSlice`. This slice is responsible for managing the state related to a data set collection for enslavers people. It includes various properties such as data, headers, filters, and styles.

## Dependencies
- Redux Toolkit: This code utilizes Redux Toolkit, a library that simplifies the setup of Redux store and actions.
- `jsonDataPEOPLECOLLECTIONS:` Data is imported from a JSON file named `PEOPLE_COLLECTIONS.json`.


## Initial State
The initial state of the `getPeopleEnslaversDataSetCollectionSlice` is defined as an object with the following properties:

- `value:` An array containing data from PEOPLE_COLLECTIONS.json.
- `textHeader:` A string representing the header text.
- `textIntroduce:` A string representing an introduction text.
- `styleNamePeople:` A string representing the style name.
- `dataSetValueBaseFilter:` An array representing base filter values.
- `dataSetKeyPeople:` A string representing the data set key.
- `dataSetValuePeople:` An array representing data set values.
- `blocksPeople:` An array representing blocks of data.
- `filterMenuFlatfile`: A string representing filter menu options.
- `tableFlatfile:` A string representing table data.


## Reducer Name:  `getPeopleEnslaversDataSetCollectionSlice`
The `getPeopleEnslaversDataSetCollectionSlice` contains the following reducers:

## Reducers
1) - #### setBaseFilterEnslaversDataSetValue
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<BaseFilter[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `dataSetValueBaseFilter` property in the state to the array of base filter values provided in the action payload.

2) - #### setBaseFilterEnslaversDataKey
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `dataSetKeyPeople` property in the state to the string value provided in the action payload.

3) - #### setBaseFilterEnslaversDataValue
- Action: (`state, action: PayloadAction<string[] | number[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `dataSetValuePeople` property in the state to the array of data set values provided in the action payload.

4) - #### setDataSetEnslaversHeader
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `textHeader` property in the state to the string value provided in the action payload.

5) - #### setEnslaversTextIntro
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `textIntroduce` property in the state to the string value provided in the action payload.

6) - #### setEnslaversStyleName
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `styleNamePeople` property in the state to the array of block data provided in the action payload.

7) - #### setEnslaversBlocksMenuList
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `blocksPeople` property in the state to the string value provided in the action payload.

8) - #### setEnslaversFilterMenuFlatfile
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `filterMenuFlatfile` property in the state to the string value provided in the action payload.

9) - #### setPeopleTableEnslavedFlatfile
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<string>)  => {}`
- Description: Sets the `tableFlatfile` property in the state to the string value provided in the action payload.

10) - #### resetSlice
- Action: `(state) => {}`
- Description: Resets specific properties in the state to their initial values, clearing selected data.


## Action Creators
The action creators for the reducers mentioned above are automatically generated by Redux Toolkit, making it easy to dispatch these actions.

## Usage
This Redux slice is designed to be used within a Redux store in a React application to manage data set collection for enslavers people. Developers can dispatch the defined actions to update the state with new data and configurations.

## Example Dispatch

```jsx
import { useDispatch } from 'react-redux';
import { setBaseFilterPeopleEnslavedDataSetValue } from './getPeopleEnslaversDataSetCollectionSlice';

// Dispatching the setBaseFilterPeopleEnslavedDataSetValue action with new base filter values
const dispatch = useDispatch();
dispatch(setBaseFilterPeopleEnslavedDataSetValue([...newBaseFilterValues]));

```

## Export
- The `getPeopleEnslaversDataSetCollectionSlice` reducer and its associated action creators are exported for use in other parts of the Redux store setup and application components.
## Additional Information
Ensure that you have the required dependencies installed and properly configured before using this code. This code is intended to be used in a Redux-based application for managing dataset collections. Refer to the Redux documentation for more details on incorporating this slice into your Redux store.


This will update the state with the new values and trigger any relevant Redux state updates or subscriptions.

Feel free to modify the initial state, actions, and reducer based on your specific requirements.

Note: Make sure to adjust the import paths according to your project structure.