# getPivotTablesDataSlice

## Overview
The provided code defines a Redux slice named `getPivotTablesDataSlice`. This slice is responsible for managing the state related to pivot table data, including the main data, row data, and column definitions.

## Dependencies
- `Redux Toolkit: `This code utilizes Redux Toolkit, a library that simplifies the setup of Redux store and actions.
## Initial State
The initial state of the `getPivotTablesDataSlice` is defined as an object with the following properties:

- `data:` An array representing the main data for the pivot table.
- `rowData:` An array representing row data for the pivot table.
- `columnDefs:` An array representing column definitions for the pivot table.


## Reducer Name: `getPivotTablesDataSlice`
The `getPivotTablesDataSlice` contains the following reducers:

###  Reducers
1) #### setPivotTableData
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<Record<string, any>[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `data` property in the state to the array of main data provided in the action payload.

2) #### setRowPivotTableData
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<Record<string, any>[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `rowData` property in the state to the array of row data provided in the action payload.

3) #### setPivotTablColumnDefs
- Action: `(state, action: PayloadAction<PivotColumnDef[]>) => {}`
- Description: Sets the `columnDefs` property in the state to the array of pivot column definitions provided in the action payload.

## Action Creators
The action creators for the reducers mentioned above are automatically generated by Redux Toolkit, making it easy to dispatch these actions.

## Usage
This Redux slice is designed to be used within a Redux store in a React application to manage pivot table data. Developers can dispatch the defined actions to update the state with new data, row data, and column definitions.

## Example Dispatch
```jsx
import { useDispatch } from 'react-redux';
import { setPivotTableData } from './getPivotTablesDataSlice';

// Dispatching the setPivotTableData action with new pivot table data
const dispatch = useDispatch();
dispatch(setPivotTableData([...newPivotTableData]));
```
## Export
- The `getPivotTablesDataSlice` reducer and its associated action creators are exported for use in other parts of the Redux store setup and application components.


## Additional Information
Ensure that you have the required dependencies installed and properly configured before using this code. This code is intended to be used in a Redux-based application for managing pivot data list value. Refer to the Redux documentation for more details on incorporating this slice into your Redux store.

Feel free to modify the initial state, actions, and reducer based on your specific requirements.

Note: Make sure to adjust the import paths according to your project structure.
